>> Sara Drasner: So okay, Nuxt and
routing, why am I excited about Nuxt,
why do I use so
many trophy emojis when I talk about Nuxt?
It has automatic code splitting, so
there's a lot of stuff that you
don't have to configure with Nuxt.
It offers server-side rendering,
which I think someone in the chat
a little while ago was asking about SEO.
If you're concerned with SEO, yeah,
Google actually did get better
at dynamically rendered content.
But if you do server-side rendering,
basically everything is
going to be on the page.
And that actually does help with
SEO in some certain circumstances.
So server-side rendering is also
really fast, it's super fast.
So if you run Lighthouse reports.
I don't know if you guys have
seen this Chrome extension.
It runs performance metrics
using a thing called Lighthouse.
It's gonna check if your thing is a PWA,
which is a specific kind of thing, but
it also has just general
performance metrics.
View, view CLI and view in it PWA,
there's even a template to create a PWA,
doesn't even have as good of
scores as Nuxt out of the gate.
I ran test the other day and
Nuxt was way higher, partially
because of the server-side rendering.
I think they even have a Hacker News PWA
thing like a repo where
they did a sample thing.
And that got 100, 100, 100,
99 scores across the board.
So really,
really good performance metrics.
It has a powerful routing system,
and you can use asynchronous data.
Great Lighthouse scores out of the gate.
We can do static file serving if we want.
We can use it for ES6 and
ES7 transpolation.
We're not having to give up
things like Webpack or anything.
We're gonna use Webpack right in Nuxt.
Nuxt already comes with that.
Nuxt also comes with things like Vuex,
and we have hot reloading in development.
Here's one part that is not exactly,
I mean, it is accurate.
So it's hot reloading in development, but
because we're doing server-side rendering,
it takes a little longer to load
when you're working with it.
So sometimes for work flow,
I've been making components in Vue CLI and
bringing them back over to
Nuxt if it takes too long.
That is a total personal preference thing,
and I am sure that as it gets old,
it's a newer thing, so as it gets older
that hot reloading will happen faster and
faster.
But just to let you know that,
that's one caveat that I would mention
about Nuxt and working with it.
We can use pre-processors like SASS,
LESS, Stylus, etc.
And the coolest part is that we can
actually write Vue files to create
our pages and our routing.
And I'll show you what I mean by that.